Follow up on website documentation (#231)
farm-ng/amiga-dev-kit: website/docs/concepts/canbus_service/README.md

# Canbus Service Overview

The Canbus service is an integral component of the Amiga platform.
This service offers direct control over the robot's motors, allowing users to both
publish motor states and send specific commands to manipulate the robot's movements.

## Overview

- **Purpose**: Control and manage the motors on the Amiga, handling command reception,
processing, and motor instruction.

> - **Communication**: Direct interface with motors via Canbus, a communication standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Communication**: Direct interface with motors via CAN bus, a communication standard
```

or microcontrollers and devices.
- **Dependencies**: Standalone service, but pivotal for many autonomous operations.
Notably, the Controller service is heavily reliant on the Canbus service.

## API

1. `/twist`: Receives twist commands (linear and angular velocities) and instructs the
motors accordingly.
2. `/can_message`: Accepts a specific Protobuf message format (details TBD).
3. `/get_battery_state`: Returns the battery state.
A float value indicating the battery's state of charge, ranging [0.0, 1.0].
If no motors are connected, it returns -1.0.

> 

Reviewer: These are only the `RequestReply` API. The streams are:
- `/twist` (`canbus_pb2.Twist2d`)
- `/raw_messages` (`canbus_pb2.RawCanbusMessages`)
- `/state` (`amiga_v6_pb2.AmigaV6CanbusState`)
- `/motor_states` (`canbus_pb2.MotorStates`)
